I have a very heavy fondness for writing challenges to stump interns. 

I haven't had much luck so far, as our interns tend to be pretty sharp...

That being said, we have come up with a new way to attack them this year! We are going
to write a message (this message, in fact); and that message is going to be transposed
pseduo-randomly! Well, not really...

It will just be using a dead simple transposition cipher, but that ought to be enough to
throw any intern off the scent. Imagine receiving the exact same message four times,
but it looks a bit different every time! Literally, the only way they would be able to 
solve this one would be to do something a tad deranged like doing character 
frequency analysis. I do not believe for a solitary minute that they would think of that,
so I am considering this method cryptographically secure and worthy of use by state,
local, and federal governments going forward.

I already sent a request for a patent! 

That being said, I need to come up with a way to actually write the flag into this
message, but I really want to use numbers in the flag as well. 

I have another brilliant idea! I will write the flag out normally, but, wherever
a number would occur, I will replace it with an all uppercase written out word 
representing that number! For example, if I wanted to put a three (3) into the 
flag, I would write it as THREE. If that was in the middle of the flag, and the
flag was cc_ctf{word_word_thr33}, I would write it out as cc_ctf{word_word_thrTHREETHREE}!

Alright! Let's begin!

We need to get started, but I do not want to make it obvious where the flag is in
the file, so I am going to surround it with some other text. If I include it here,
we should be fine: cc_ctf{lZEROZEROks_lONEkTHREE_yZEROu_fONEgurTHREEd_ONEt_ZEROut}.
We can not make it too obvious, as I am afraid these clever interns will solve this
too easily...

Now that we have identified what our flag should be and we have described the method
by which we are writing it into the file, we really just need to write the code for
transposing the letters. Ideally, we would want to choose a method that specifically
targets vowels, since they are so frequent. For example, we would not want a
transposition method that replaces all instances of the letter 'a' with 'e'. Rather,
I would prefer 'a' to be replaced with a consonant. 

Without too much education with respect to cryptography, I really do not have much
more to offer when it comes to an explanation of why avoiding vowels would be ideal.
Let us call it a feeling -- an intuition instead of a cold hard fact.

As I write out this explanation, it is dawning on me that we probably should not
have written out the numbers the way we did, as it will very likely impact the
character frequency analysis. Well, I suppose that is just how the cookie crumbles!
If our interns can not figure it out, then maybe they should go back to school (pun
very much intended)!

I wonder what type of test harness these students will come up with to perform their
analysis...

It may be useless to try and get this perfect. It is absolutely asinine to even
hypothesize that even a single intern at our company could reverse my secret sauce.
Sometimes, it takes nothing more than some simple thoughts to overwhelm complex
odds. Anytime a solver attempts to uncover my machinations, we will just re-encrypt
the crypto with my horrendous mathematically proven cipher.
